Improve device integration guide introduction (#3964)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/device-integration/device-integration-introduction.md

{{< company-c8y >}} offers a wide range of functionality for interfacing IoT devices and other IoT-related data sources with the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform.

The integration approach depends on the device capabilities and use case:

### Integration via thin-edge.io

> We recommend integrating devices via [thin-edge.io](https://thin-edge.io/), an open-source, cloud-agnostic edge framework optimized for lightweight IoT devices. thin-edge.io can be slimmed down to run with less than 1 MB footprint, making it suitable even for constrained devices with a microprocessor. See the tutorial [Getting started with thin-edge.io](https://thin-edge.github.io/thin-edge.io/start/getting-started/) for an easy-to-follow and hands-on example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend integrating devices via [thin-edge.io](https://thin-edge.io/), an open-source, cloud-agnostic edge framework optimized for lightweight IoT devices. thin-edge.io can be slimmed down to run with less than 1 MB footprint, making it suitable even for constrained devices while supporting both x86_64 and ARM-based processor architectures.

#### The advantages of using thin-edge.io:
* **Native "SmartREST" Efficiency**: The agent automatically translates simple local JSON messages into Cumulocity's highly efficient SmartREST protocol, significantly reducing bandwidth.
* **Zero-Code Device Management**: Get immediate access to all device management features - including software management, configuration updates, log retrieval, and remote access.
* **Automatic Child Device Routing**: Acting as a gateway requires no extra logic; simply publishing data with a child ID causes thin-edge.io to automatically register the external devices (e.g. sensor) in Cumulocity's inventory and route the data to the correct representation of the child device in {{< product-c8y-iot >}}.
* **Modular Extensibility **: The architecture is designed around plugins, allowing you to extend functionality without having to recompile the core agent.
* **Language-Agnostic Decoupling**: Because thin-edge.io uses a local MQTT bus for communication, your application logic can be written in any language and remains completely isolated from the connectivity logic.
* **Automated Certificate Lifecycle**: The built-in CLI tools handle the generation, signing, uploading, and rotation of X.509 security certificates.

See the tutorial [Getting started with thin-edge.io](https://thin-edge.github.io/thin-edge.io/start/getting-started/) for an easy-to-follow and hands-on example.
```

> ### Micro-controller devices

Reviewer 2: I'd call this Constrained devices.

Author: micro-processor based devices are also constrained devices but can run thin-edge.io. This is why I explicitly used micro-controller based devices.

> ### Micro-controller devices

Author: ```suggestion
### Micro-controller based devices
```

For highly constrained devices with micro-controllers that cannot run thin-edge.io, you can integrate directly via the Core [MQTT](/device-integration/mqtt) and [REST](/device-integration/device-integration-rest/) APIs along with [SmartREST](/smartrest/smartrest-two/) for efficient communication. These can be implemented using available MQTT client libraries such as [Eclipse Paho](https://www.eclipse.org/paho/). For standard-compliant device management, the [LWM2M](/device-integration/lwm2m/) protocol is also supported.

### IoT gateways and data integration

> Not all devices can communicate directly with the internet. In such cases, IoT gateways act as intermediaries, collecting data from devices and forwarding it to {{< product-c8y-iot >}}. Several data integration options are available:

Reviewer 2: "Hello Internet, how are you today"? 😆 

The phrasing here is a bit funny. What you wanted to say: "Not all devices are directly connected to the Internet"

> Not all devices can communicate directly with the internet. In such cases, IoT gateways act as intermediaries, collecting data from devices and forwarding it to {{< product-c8y-iot >}}. Several data integration options are available:

Author: ```suggestion
Not all devices are directly connected to the internet. In such cases, IoT gateways act as intermediaries, collecting data from devices and forwarding it to {{< product-c8y-iot >}}. Several data integration options are available:
```

* **OPC UA**: Industrial automation protocol for connecting PLCs and industrial equipment. See [OPC UA](/device-integration/opcua/).
* **MQTT Service**: Flexible MQTT endpoint allowing user-provided microservices to map between custom device payloads and the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} data model. See [MQTT Service](/device-integration/mqtt-service/).
* **thin-edge.io protocol drivers**: Extend thin-edge.io with custom protocol support for proprietary or specialized device protocols.

> * **Partner gateways**: A common option is to use a pre-integrated partner gateways that brings support for the required protocol. Explore certified partner devices in the [Device Partner Portal](https://ecosystem.cumulocity.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Partner gateways**: Use pre-integrated partner gateways that brings support for the required protocol. Explore certified partner devices in the [Device Partner Portal](https://ecosystem.cumulocity.com/).
```

### LPWAN integration

> For Low Power Wide Area Network (LPWAN) devices using technologies like LoRa or Sigfox, {{< product-c8y-iot >}} provides dedicated integrations. Refer to [LoRa Actility](/device-integration/lora-actility/), [LoRa LORIOT.io](/device-integration/lora-loriot/) and [Sigfox](/device-integration/sigfox/) for details. For cellular devices, [LWM2M](/device-integration/lwm2m/) can be used.

Reviewer 2: Use dashes: Low-Power Wide-Area-Network devices

> For Low Power Wide Area Network (LPWAN) devices using technologies like LoRa or Sigfox, {{< product-c8y-iot >}} provides dedicated integrations. Refer to [LoRa Actility](/device-integration/lora-actility/), [LoRa LORIOT.io](/device-integration/lora-loriot/) and [Sigfox](/device-integration/sigfox/) for details. For cellular devices, [LWM2M](/device-integration/lwm2m/) can be used.

Reviewer 2: Better use active voice

"To integrate... use ..."

> For Low Power Wide Area Network (LPWAN) devices using technologies like LoRa or Sigfox, {{< product-c8y-iot >}} provides dedicated integrations. Refer to [LoRa Actility](/device-integration/lora-actility/), [LoRa LORIOT.io](/device-integration/lora-loriot/) and [Sigfox](/device-integration/sigfox/) for details. For cellular devices, [LWM2M](/device-integration/lwm2m/) can be used.

Author: ```suggestion
For Low-Power Wide-Area-Network (LPWAN) devices using technologies like LoRa or Sigfox, {{< product-c8y-iot >}} provides dedicated integrations. Refer to [LoRa Actility](/device-integration/lora-actility/), [LoRa LORIOT.io](/device-integration/lora-loriot/) and [Sigfox](/device-integration/sigfox/) for details. For cellular devices, [LWM2M](/device-integration/lwm2m/) can be used.
```

> For Low-Power Wide-Area-Network (LPWAN) devices using technologies like LoRa or Sigfox, {{< product-c8y-iot >}} provides dedicated integrations. Refer to [LoRa Actility](/device-integration/lora-actility/), [LoRa LORIOT.io](/device-integration/lora-loriot/) and [Sigfox](/device-integration/sigfox/) for details. For cellular devices, [LWM2M](/device-integration/lwm2m/) can be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Low-Power Wide-Area-Network (LPWAN) technologies are critical for use cases requiring devices to:
* Run on a single battery for years at a very low cost
* Only transmit small amounts of data intermittently
* Be positioned in distributed or hard-to-reach locations
{{< company-c8y >}} provides support for various LPWAN technologies including LwM2M, LoRa and Sigfox. Refer to [LoRa Actility](/device-integration/lora-actility/), [LoRa LORIOT](/device-integration/lora-loriot/) and [Sigfox](/device-integration/sigfox/) for details. For cellular devices, [LWM2M](/device-integration/lwm2m/) can be used.
```

### Agent concepts

> For information on the general concept of agents being used for interfacing IoT data sources with {{< product-c8y-iot >}}, refer to [Interfacing devices](/device-integration/interfacing-devices/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A device agent is a piece of software that runs locally on a device or gateway. Its primary purpose is to act as the intermediary between the device’s physical hardware and the cloud platform. To learn more about the general concept of agents being used for interfacing IoT devices and data sources with {{< product-c8y-iot >}}, refer to [Interfacing devices](/device-integration/interfacing-devices/).
```

### IoT gateways and data integration

Not all devices are directly connected to the internet. In such cases, IoT gateways act as intermediaries, collecting data from devices and forwarding it to {{< product-c8y-iot >}}. Several data integration options are available:

* **OPC UA**: Industrial automation protocol for connecting PLCs and industrial equipment. See [OPC UA](/device-integration/opcua/).
* **MQTT Service**: Flexible MQTT endpoint allowing user-provided microservices to map between custom device payloads and the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} data model. See [MQTT Service](/device-integration/mqtt-service/).
* **thin-edge.io protocol drivers**: Extend thin-edge.io with custom protocol support for proprietary or specialized device protocols.
* **Partner gateways**: Use pre-integrated partner gateways that brings support for the required protocol. Explore certified partner devices in the [Device Partner Portal](https://ecosystem.cumulocity.com/).

### LPWAN integration

> For Low-Power Wide-Area-Network (LPWAN) devices using technologies like LwM2M or LoRa, {{< product-c8y-iot >}} provides dedicated integrations. Refer to [LoRa Actility](/device-integration/lora-actility/), [LoRa LORIOT](/device-integration/lora-loriot/) and [Sigfox](/device-integration/sigfox/) for details. For cellular devices, [LWM2M](/device-integration/lwm2m/) can be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Low-Power Wide-Area-Network (LPWAN)  technologies are critical for use cases requiring devices to
* Run on a single battery for years at a very low cost
* Only transmit small amounts of data intermittently
* Be positioned in distributed or hard-to-reach locations

{{< product-c8y-iot >}} provides dedicated integrations for varios LPWAN technologies including LoRa, LwM2M and Sigfox. Refer to [LoRa Actility](/device-integration/lora-actility/), [LoRa LORIOT](/device-integration/lora-loriot/) and [Sigfox](/device-integration/sigfox/) for details. For cellular devices, [LWM2M](/device-integration/lwm2m/) can be used.
```

{{< company-c8y >}} offers a wide range of functionality for interfacing IoT devices and other IoT-related data sources with the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform.

The integration approach depends on the device capabilities and use case:

> ### Integration via thin-edge.io

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Integration via thin-edge.io (#integration-via-thin-edge-io)
```

We recommend integrating devices via [thin-edge.io](https://thin-edge.io/), an open-source, cloud-agnostic edge framework optimized for lightweight IoT devices. thin-edge.io can be slimmed down to run with less than 1 MB footprint, making it suitable even for constrained devices while supporting both x86_64 and ARM-based processor architectures.

> #### The advantages of using thin-edge.io:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Advantages of using thin-edge.io:**
```

> * **Native SmartREST Efficiency**: The agent automatically translates simple local JSON messages into Cumulocity's highly efficient SmartREST protocol, significantly reducing bandwidth.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* **Native SmartREST efficiency**: The agent automatically translates simple local JSON messages into {{< product-c8y-iot >}}'s highly efficient SmartREST protocol, significantly reducing bandwidth.
```

> * **Native "SmartREST" Efficiency**: The agent automatically translates simple local JSON messages into Cumulocity's highly efficient SmartREST protocol, significantly reducing bandwidth.

Author: ```suggestion
* **Native SmartREST Efficiency**: The agent automatically translates simple local JSON messages into Cumulocity's highly efficient SmartREST protocol, significantly reducing bandwidth.
```

> * **Zero-Code Device Management**: Get immediate access to all device management features - including software management, configuration updates, log retrieval, and remote access.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* **Zero-code device management**: Get immediate access to all device management features - including software management, configuration updates, log retrieval, and remote access.
```

> * **Automatic Child Device Routing**: Acting as a gateway requires no extra logic; simply publishing data with a child ID causes thin-edge.io to automatically register the external devices (e.g. sensor) in Cumulocity's inventory and route the data to the correct representation of the child device in {{< product-c8y-iot >}}.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* **Automatic child device routing**: Acting as a gateway requires no extra logic; simply publishing data with a child ID causes thin-edge.io to automatically register the external devices (such as a sensor) in {{< product-c8y-iot >}}'s inventory, and route the data to the correct representation of the child device in {{< product-c8y-iot >}}.
```

> * **Modular Extensibility**: The architecture is designed around plugins, allowing you to extend functionality without having to recompile the core agent.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* **Modular extensibility**: The architecture is designed around plugins, allowing you to extend functionality without having to recompile the core agent.
```

> * **Language-Agnostic Decoupling**: Because thin-edge.io uses a local MQTT bus for communication, your application logic can be written in any language and remains completely isolated from the connectivity logic.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* **Language-agnostic decoupling**: Because thin-edge.io uses a local MQTT bus for communication, your application logic can be written in any language and remains completely isolated from the connectivity logic.
```

> * **Automated Certificate Lifecycle**: The built-in CLI tools handle the generation, signing, uploading, and rotation of X.509 security certificates.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* **Automated certificate lifecycle**: The built-in CLI tools handle the generation, signing, uploading, and rotation of X.509 security certificates.
```

See the tutorial [Getting started with thin-edge.io](https://thin-edge.github.io/thin-edge.io/start/getting-started/) for an easy-to-follow and hands-on example.

> ### Micro-controller based devices

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Microcontroller-based devices (#microcontroller-based-devices)
```

> For highly constrained devices with micro-controllers that cannot run thin-edge.io, you can integrate directly via the Core [MQTT](/device-integration/mqtt) and [REST](/device-integration/device-integration-rest/) APIs along with [SmartREST](/smartrest/smartrest-two/) for efficient communication. These can be implemented using available MQTT client libraries such as [Eclipse Paho](https://www.eclipse.org/paho/). For standard-compliant device management, the [LWM2M](/device-integration/lwm2m/) protocol is also supported.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For highly constrained devices with microcontrollers that cannot run thin-edge.io, you can integrate directly via the Core [MQTT](/device-integration/mqtt) and [REST](/device-integration/device-integration-rest/) APIs along with [SmartREST](/smartrest/smartrest-two/) for efficient communication. These can be implemented using available MQTT client libraries such as [Eclipse Paho](https://www.eclipse.org/paho/). For standard-compliant device management, the [LWM2M](/device-integration/lwm2m/) protocol is also supported.
```

> ### IoT gateways and data integration

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### IoT gateways and data integration (#iot-gateways-and-data-integration)
```

Not all devices are directly connected to the internet. In such cases, IoT gateways act as intermediaries, collecting data from devices and forwarding it to {{< product-c8y-iot >}}. Several data integration options are available:

> * **OPC UA**: Industrial automation protocol for connecting PLCs and industrial equipment. See [OPC UA](/device-integration/opcua/).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* **[OPC UA](/device-integration/opcua/)**: Industrial automation protocol for connecting PLCs and industrial equipment.
```

> * **MQTT Service**: Flexible MQTT endpoint allowing user-provided microservices to map between custom device payloads and the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} data model. See [MQTT Service](/device-integration/mqtt-service/).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* **[MQTT Service](/device-integration/mqtt-service/)**: Flexible MQTT endpoint allowing user-provided microservices to map between custom device payloads and the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} data model.
```

* **thin-edge.io protocol drivers**: Extend thin-edge.io with custom protocol support for proprietary or specialized device protocols.
* **Partner gateways**: Use pre-integrated partner gateways that bring support for the required protocol. Explore certified partner devices in the [Device Partner Portal](https://ecosystem.cumulocity.com/).

> ### LPWAN integration

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### LPWAN integration (#lpwan-integration)
```

> Low-Power Wide-Area-Network (LPWAN) technologies are critical for use cases requiring devices to

Author: ```suggestion
Low-Power Wide-Area-Network (LPWAN) technologies are critical for use cases requiring devices to:
```

> * Run on a single battery for years at a very low cost

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Run on a single battery for years at a very low cost.
```

> * Only transmit small amounts of data intermittently

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Only transmit small amounts of data intermittently.
```

> * Be positioned in distributed or hard-to-reach locations

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Be positioned in distributed or hard-to-reach locations.
```

> {{< product-c8y-iot >}} provides dedicated integrations for various LPWAN technologies including LoRa, LwM2M, and Sigfox. Refer to [LoRa Actility](/device-integration/lora-actility/), [LoRa LORIOT](/device-integration/lora-loriot/), and [Sigfox](/device-integration/sigfox/) for details. For cellular devices, [LWM2M](/device-integration/lwm2m/) can be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< product-c8y-iot >}} provides dedicated integrations for various LPWAN technologies including LoRa and Sigfox. Refer to [LoRa Actility](/device-integration/lora-actility/), [LoRa LORIOT](/device-integration/lora-loriot/), and [Sigfox](/device-integration/sigfox/) for details. For cellular devices, [LWM2M](/device-integration/lwm2m/) can be used.
```

> ### Agent concepts

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Agent concepts (#agent-concepts)
```
